almer  
 
Palmer Square Strategic Debt Fund LLC  
Class B Share  
January  2026 
Registration of an investment advisor does not imply a certain level of skill or training. For Qualified Purchasers Only.   
Palmer Square Capital Management LLC                             1900 Shawnee Mission Parkway, Suite 315, Mission Woods, KS 662 05                                       www.palmersquarecap.com
        
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Summary Stats  Yield Metrics  
Allocation  Price  % Weight  Current Yield  Yield to Maturity  Yield to Expected Call3 Spread  
CLO A  100. 4 0.6% 6.61% 5.94% 5.92% 257 bps 
CLO BBB  100.4  70.0 % 7.35% 6.99% 6.53% 304 bps 
CLO BB  100. 4 22.8% 10.21% 9.98 % 9.13% 556 bps 
CLO B  94.3 1.0% 12.95 % 13.24% 14.42 % 1,083 bps 
Fund Total  100. 3 94.4% 7.84 % 7.54% 7.03 % 352 bps  Dec ‘25 2025 2024 2023  2022  2021  2020  1 Year  3 Years  ITD 
Strategic Debt Fund - Class B Share  0.46% 7.40% 13.92 % n/a n/a n/a n/a 7.40% n/a 10.61% 
Strategic Debt Fund - Class A Share2 0.34% 5.61% 9.66%  18.59%  -2.89%  5.49%  29.77%  5.61% 11.16% 11.04% 
Domestic Vehicle:  Palmer Square Stategic Debt Fund LLC  
Offshore & Tax Exempt Vehicle:  Palmer Square Strategic Debt Fund Ltd.  
Minimum Investment:  $1,000,000 (subject to discretion)  
Management Fee:  0.70%  
Income Distribution:  Reinvest or payable within 45 days  
Redemptions:  Quarterly with 90 days’ notice  
Fund Adminstrator:  UMB Fund Services, Inc.  
Auditor:  PricewaterhouseCoopers  
Investment Objective  
The investment objective of the Palmer Square Strategic Debt Fund is income and capital appreciation by primarily 
investing opportunistically in CLO debt.  
Strategy Overview   
Exposure to Palmer Square Expertise in Opportunistic Credit  
• Give n the current opportunity, the Fund is primarily focused on executing on relative value available in areas of 
structured credit such as BBB and BB -rated collateralized loan obligation (“CLO”) debt  
• Manag ers utilize a rigorous multi -step fundamental process to manage credit risk  
o Rigorous loan by loan analysis of the under lying CLO pool  
o Stress testing of the CLO structure  Firm Overview  
Portfolio Management  
What Makes the Palmer Square Strategic Debt Fund Unique?  
• Niche Credit Access/Broad Opportunity Set – given the depth of Palmer Square’s corporate and structured 
credit team (senior team averages 20 years credit investing experience), we believe we are able to traffic in 
less “traveled” areas of credit  
• Research bias towards investing in securities Palmer Square believes have low potential for default  
• Unique entry point to purchase what we believe to be higher quality securities at distressed prices (securities 
prices not reflective of fundamental value)  
• Attractive fee structure to align incentives with investors  
Fund Performance Net of Fees as of 12/31/202 5 (Class A Share Inception 4/2020, Class B Share Inception 1/2024 ) 
Current Portfolio (as of 12/31/202 5) Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Please note that individual investor s’ returns may vary from those reported herein due to factors such as, but not limited to, different contribution dates.   
Returns greater than one year are annualized.  
Fund Details  
1Palmer Square Capital Management LLC’s AUM is unaudited. The AUM provided is an estimate as of 11/30/202 5 and is inclusive of Palmer Square Capital Management LLC and its affiliates.  
2Performance for Class A Share may differ due to differences in expenses at the feeder fund level. Monthly performance returns are estimates and subject to change.   3Please see Notes and 
Disclosures for definitions.  Palmer Square is based in Mission Woods, KS, with 
a research office in London. The Firm manages 
approximately $36.3 billion1 in assets across 
mutual funds, separate accounts, and private 
investment funds.  
• 76 employees  
• 33 investment professionals  
Palmer Square is 100% management owned.  
 
Christopher D. Long  
• Founder, Chairman/CEO , 28 years 
industry experience  
Angie K. Long, CFA  
• Chief Investment Officer , 28 years 
industry experience  
Taylor Moore, CFA  
• Portfolio Manager , 15 years industry 
experience  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 almer  
 
Palmer Square Strategic Debt Fund LLC  
Class B Share  
January  2026 
Registration of an investment advisor does not imply a certain level of skill or training. For Qualified Purchasers Only.   
Palmer Square Capital Management LLC                             1900 Shawnee Mission Parkway, Suite 315, Mission Woods, KS 662 05                                       www.palmersquarecap.com
        
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This overview is for informational and comparative purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation o f an offer to buy any interests in the Palmer Square Strategic Debt 
Fund LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (the “Fund”) or  any other securities, or to provide any other advisory services. Any offer to invest in the Fund will be made pursuant to the  
Fund’s applicable Confidential Private Placement Memorandum, which will contain material information not contained herein and  to which prospective investors are directed. Before 
investing, you should carefully read such materials in their entirety. This overview is not intended to replace such material s, and any information herein should not be relied upon for the 
purposes of invest ing in the Fund or for any other purpose. This overview is a summary and does not purport to be complete. The Fund is not reg istered under the Investment Company Act 
of 1940, as amended.  
Yield to Expected Call  is a Yield to Call metric that assumes callable bonds are not called on their call date, but at some later date prior to matu rity. Yield to Expected Call considers contractual 
terms in a bond’s indenture or other similar governing document. A bond may be called before or after this date, which has the potential to increase or decrease the Yield to Expected Call 
calculation. All else equal, when a bond’s price is below par, Yield to Expected Call is a more conservative yield metric tha n Yield to Call.  
Performance returns for the Fund in 2025 are estimates, as calculated by the Fund’s administrator. The Fund’s performance returns for the period of April 2020 to Dece mber 202 4 have been 
audited by a third party.  
This overview is confidential and proprietary. Accordingly, except as described below, this overview is to be treated as stri ctly confidential and not disclosed, directly or indirectly, to any party 
other than the person to whom it has been delivered and s uch person’s professional advisors. Any distribution of this overview, in whole or in part, or the divulgence of any of its c ontents, is 
unauthorized. Prospective investors should not construe this overview or any other communication received in connection  with the Fund as legal, accounting, tax, investment or other advice, 
and each prospective investor should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal, tax, regulatory, financial an d related matters concerning an investment in the Fund.  
The allocation, portfolio characteristics, and credit quality distribution figures shown are for illustrative purposes only. Palmer Square does not guarantee to execute those portfolio 
characteristics, that allocation, and credit quality distribution. Allo cation, portfolio characteristics, and exposures information, as well as other referenced categorizations, reflect classifica tions 
determined by Palmer Square as well as certain Palmer Square assumptions based on estimated portfolio characteristic informat ion, including but not limited to, look through analysis for 
certain structured credit securities. Allocation and credit quality distribution figures may not sum to 100%. Ratings listed herein are assigned by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) and Moody’s Investor 
Service (Moody’s). Credit quality ratings are measured on a scale with S&P’s credit quality ratings ranging from AAA (highest) to D (lowest) and Moody’s credit quality ratings ranging from 
Aaa (highest) to C (lowest). We use the higher of the two ratings. Cr edit ratings listed are subject to change. Please contact Palmer Square for more information.  
Market opportunities and/or yields shown are for illustration purposes only and are subject to change without notice. Palmer Square does not represent that these or any other 
strategy/opportunity will prove to be profitable or that the Fund’s investment ob jective will be met. Please note, there can be no assurance that yield, expected return and/or risk will be 
realized or that actual results will not be materially different than those presented. For additional information regarding t he calculation of yield  or income, expected return and/or historical 
risk, including modeling assumptions and other information used, please contact Palmer Square.  
The Fund has historically invested in CLO securities. Please note that the securities issued under the CLO transactions have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent regist ration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. This overview shall not constitute an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such of fer, s olicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or 
qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.  
This material represents an assessment of the market environment at a specific point in time, is subject to change without no tice, and should not be relied upon by the reader as research or 
investment advice. With regard to sources of information, certain of the economic and market information contained herein has been obtained from published sources and/or prepared by 
third parties. While such sources are believed to be reliable, Palmer Square or their respective affiliates, employees, or re presentatives d o not assume any responsibility for the accuracy of 
such information. Palmer Square is under no obligation to verify its accuracy.  
Risks: The securities issued under the CLO transactions have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and m ay not be offered or sold in the United States absent 
registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. Inves tment in the Fund involves a high degree of risk and is suitable only for sophisticated investors. No assurance 
can be given that the Fund’s investment objective will be achieved, and investment results may vary substantially on a monthl y, quarterly , annual and/or other periodic basis. Investments 
may not be diversified. Investments in the fund is subject to significant restrictions on transfers and has fees and expenses  that may offset profits. There is no secondary market for interests 
in the Fund and none is expected to develop. The Fund use of leverage in the course of its trading could exacerbate losses. The Fund may invest in unrated or “distressed” securities, i.e., 
securities of companies that are experiencing significant financial or business  difficulties, including, without limitation, companies involved in debt restructurings, in bankruptcy or other 
reorganization and liquidation proceedings. The Fund may also purchase financial instruments of companies that have low credi t quality, and purc hase securities and loans that are in default. 
Many of the investments that are made by the Fund will lack liquidity. Accordingly, the Fund’s ability to respond to market m ovements may be impaired and the Fund may experience adverse 
price movements upon li quidation of its investments. Certain inherent conflicts of interest arise from the fact that the Managing Member, the Invest ment Advisor and their respective affiliates 
act on behalf of the Fund and carry -on investment activities for other clients. Consider the partnerships fees and charges, which may affect any amounts to be recei ved by investors. Investors 
are advised to read the offering documents for further details, and consult their tax advisers, prior to making an investment. The effects of the COVI D-19 pandemic are unknown and  may 
exacerbate the other risks of investing in the Fund.  
Palmer Square Capital Management LLC (“Palmer Square”) is an SEC registered investment adviser with its principal place of bu siness in the State of Kansas. Registration of an investment 
adviser does not imply a certain level of skill or training. Palmer Sq uare and its representatives are in compliance with the current registration and notice filing requirements imposed upon 
registered investment advisers by those states in which Palmer Square maintains clients. Palmer Square may only transact busi ness in th ose states in which it is notice filed or qualifies for an 
exemption or exclusion from notice filing requirements. Any subsequent, direct communication by Palmer Square with a prospect ive client shall be conducted by a representative that is 
either registe red or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration in the state where the prospective client resides. For addit ional information about Palmer Square, including fees 
and services, send for our disclosure statement as set forth on Form ADV usin g the contact information herein or refer to the Investment Adviser Public Disclosure web site (www. 
adviserinfo.sec.gov). Please read the disclosure statement carefully before you invest or send money.  
Foreside Fund Services, LLC provides marketing review services for Palmer Square Capital Management, LLC.  Foreside Fund Serv ices, LLC and Palmer Square Capital Management, LLC are 
not affiliated.  
© Palmer Square Capital Management LLC. All  rights  reserved.  
 Notes and Disclosure s